List(Sweet Dolly <3 
Can't wait to start shooting outside, spring is almost here! 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, A single rose can be my garden... a single friend - my world. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Crossing the road.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, And then her smile lightened up the sky <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Curly tiny toes <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Sweet and dreamy baby Isla <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Those rolls! <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, When your dreams take you places.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Winter fire.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, First snow love. 

@Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, I could share every single image from the gallery of this girl, she is just so perfect <3 

Julie - thank you so much for your patient, your photos are going out to you tonight. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts,
www.eruthphotography.com, Her beloved long waited bundle of everything <3
Can you see the little heart in the bokeh between their faces?

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Look who came to visit me last night <3
50mm art at f2

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Those eyes <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The silent magic of Christmas. You know it, you feel it, you believe it.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Dreamy Aisling <3

Hat from Flaxy Planet. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Doll girl <3

© Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Winter baby <3
Last minute Christmas mini's fun!

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Aisling, little miss personality, 3 weeks old <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, This time of year is coming to town...

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, In the drift of autumn <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Brothers <3 
Love fall colors!

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The sweetness <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Never miss a chance to dance.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Find me if you can! This kid litteraly could play in the leaf pile all day <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, One lucky mama <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, She rules it <3

Head over the blog to check out this cutie's three years old mini session images! (link is in the comments)

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, A kiss.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, My forest nymph <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Our Babe Ruth <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, This little charmer is on the blog! <3 Link is the comments

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Mr. Sour Face <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Emily's senior photos are on the blog (link is in the comments)! My last senior session of the season and I will certainly miss it. 

Happy and safe Halloween y'all!  

Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, It was extreamly windy afternoon. And it was almost a last minute senior session giving us no time for rescheduling. We literally were holding our breaths waiting for the wind gusts to slow down for a second or two and then I would fire the shutter of my camera. It was challenging, but Emily rocked it. And she is a proud senior of class 2016!

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Another beautiful family is blogged! Fall colors, amazing sunset, children giggles and just happiness of being together. Click the link in the comments below to check it out!

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, This beauty is ready to go home today! <3
I can't stress enough how important it is to print your photos if you want them to survive your lifetime. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Finishing up the gallery of this handsome boy and his big happy family <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, She owns it. 
Emilia, senior class 2016

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Wrapped in evening light <3
Amazing Emilia, senior class of 2016

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, How not to love your job, when you get to hang out with people like these two <3 Seriously! 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Fairless.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Four peas in the pot <3

I always wondered how do they decide so peacfully who gets to hold the dog for the photo?

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotogaphy.com, She can't hide her delight <3 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, This nugget and his big sister are on the blog today! (Link is int he comments) 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, I am in love with peaceful and calm colorings of fall! 

Delivering this beautiful family's gallery today. And they made it to the blog (I am so behind in this department!) Link is in the comments :) 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Field of wishes.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, For ever. No matter what.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, A stunner <3 
Beautiful light last night at Word's End. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Busy fall with gorgeous senior girls! Stephanie, class of 2016 <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, For those who dare to dream, there is a whole world to win. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Fall mamma. Glowing at 40 weeks. No kidding.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, She plays. Incredible Sarah - senior class of 2016.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Forest wonders. Inspired by Daniela Babic

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, A minute of her life.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Summer's end.

Mia ~ senior class of 2016.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, MA
www.eruthphotography.com, Love makes it magic. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, You can't say no to this face. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Happiness.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham
www.eruthphotography.com, Her shiny dreams.

~Senior class of 2016~

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.facebook.com, A sister is a little bit of childhood that can never be lost. ~Marion C. Garretty

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Chasing the wave. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, 
www.eruthphotography.com, Gorgeous Mia, senior class of 2016

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Under the pine tree.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Finishing up the gallery of this precious girly <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, It isn't the road ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Forest princess <3 Happy Birthday, sweet Logan! 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Sweet Gabby, 10 days old <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, If you think that only little babies can be found in the cabbage field, you might be wrong this time..

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Wild blueberry picking.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Ducky love.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, One of the best feelings in the world - when someone you love holds your hand <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Prairie girl.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, I will be taking a break here! We are very excited about our upcoming vacation adventures. See you all in the end of August, have an amazing summer time everyone!

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, When nothing else matters.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Where story begins..

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, End of the summer day. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Sweet Kinley, 10 days old <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Hi.. I am back after my little break I had to take to complete the project I got involved for the last three weeks. It made me step out of the boundaries of my comfort zone and challenged to "stretch" myself, but rewarding feeling I have today feels really amazing. And it feels even better to be back to my little clients - like this adorable little man, who's mom came to me for maternity photos back in the fall. Here is Ben at 6 months - unbelievably strong, happy and handsome <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Secure. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, When the sun goes down.. <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Ray of sunshine <3

Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Three amigos <3

Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Dimples. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, That look. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Sweet little guy <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, “Everything you can imagine is real.” 
― Pablo Picasso

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, When the dreams fly sky. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, In the woods. Amazed in wonder.  

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, All she wanted was to kiss that rock.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The best dreams happen when you're awake.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, “How do you spell 'love'?" - Piglet
"You don't spell it...you feel it." - Pooh” 
― A.A. Milne

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, I am excited to send images out to this incredible family. No matter what the day brings, they make it amazing one just because they are happy together and at ease with each other. Head over to the blog to give them some <3! (link is in the comments) 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Her face says it all <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, When the world is full of unexplored things. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Looking for the last minute Mother's day gift? Give her a gift that last forever. Contact me for details info@eruthphotography.com

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Bubbles. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, In the comfort of evening light.  

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, This little handsome doesn't know yet how lucky he is to have those two curly headed ones as his big sisters. 
Great night for amazing photos! <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Spring mama. Soon to be. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Me: "Holly, can we take one picture of your serious face?"
She: "Sorry, Mrs.Ruth - I can't help, but smile".

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, “A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for” ― Amit Ray. 

Another one of gorgeous Callie <3

©Egle Ruth Photography
www.eruthphotography.com, Spring darkness enlightened.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, “When you discover an island that belongs to nobody, it is yours.” 
― Antione de Saint-Exupery

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, It's magnolia time of a year <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Walking the road of her dreams - incredible Callie, senior class 2015

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, This little guy has been living with us for almost a week now. And we are in love with him! It's amazing to see children bonding and taking care to him. But.. he has to go back home very soon. It has been an incredible experience and makes us realize that we are ready for new addition to our family!  

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Goodbye to gorgeous day. Tomorrow is another opportunity for big dreams. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Serene.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, In the land of violet dreams.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Her eyes.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, So grown up.. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Bye Mom! 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The light continues to get a little bit longer with each passing day, and finally the first colors start popping up outside. It's an exciting time to plan your Spring senior session. Please pass along to someone who might be interested! 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, I loved meeting this gorgeous mom and her new baby boy. Not only they both are absolutely beautiful, but also the story this young woman carries is incredibly powerful and inspiring. Cheers to hope and new beginnings <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The soft side <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Little stud :)

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, “If you come at four in the afternoon, I'll begin to be happy by three.” ― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Spring bunny <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Everyday of joyful world of childhood.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotograpphy.com, All pieces fit together :)

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Serious.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Little heartbreaker <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Double the trouble <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, It's a good day to take a bath :)

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe 
with each other. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Beautiful Dolly <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Spring, spring - where are you? 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Little Gavin, 7 weeks old <3

Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, When the world says: "Give up", hope whispers: "Try it one more time".

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, How can't you love your job, when you get visitors like this? :) Sneak peak of their first birthday's mini session is on the blog - link is in the comments.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Penny for your thoughts. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, And when you smile, 
The whole world stops and stares for awhile.. /Bruno Mars/

"Homeschooling" my child on another "no school" day. 

www.eruthphotography.com,, Learning to commit to goal.

©www.eruthphotography.com, Do you want build a snowman?

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Let your faith be bigger than your fear.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Are those two up for a trouble?

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Every great dream begins with a dreamer.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, When you cross the bridge take my hand <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Happy balancing <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Softness.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, We survived Juno blizzard! Snow princesses have loads of snow to play with <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
Dress by fabulous MelissaJane Boutique, A snowflake fell and it felt like a kiss.. <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Strolling in the Square with my six years old <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, www.eruthphotography.com, Happy little rascal <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, She is dancing. With her body and soul. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The world does not await your perfection. Let true yourself be seen.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, So many times I wonder what's brewing in this stubborn lovely head  <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Everyone has a light inside. You just need to find what sparkles it.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, When you're a teen.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, As we counting the last hours of 2014, I wanted to say thank you to everyone who was part of my last year's journey and made it so incredibly wonderful. Cheers to new dreams and even bigger and more colorful 2015! <3, null, Here she comes. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Midnight princess <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Charlie <3 All curled up, 7 days old.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Feeling like outdoors getting grey and sad? What about city photos for a change? So much energy and elegance, topped with cheerful Holiday mood <3

©Egle Ruth Photography 
www.eruthphotography.com, Connection <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, My sweet niece and her beautiful mama <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Keep your dreams big. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, No signs of winter home in New England! 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, "Seeing the magic in simple things transforms your life into sacred journey of discovery" - Carol Woodliff 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Thank you Rock the Shot for featuring my image!, Angelic. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Forest girl. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Make a wish.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Greeting the sun. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Standing up. All by myself. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The moment.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Those cheeks <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The difference between kindergartner and 3rd grader's reaction, after they are asked to give each other brotherly kiss lol

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, You can count on me, like one two three.. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, I am coming to get you, mommy <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Cozy <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Wrapped in love <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Those two sweet siblings are on the blog - head over to check them out!
Link is in the comments., Bathed in fall's golden sunlight.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Little brother.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, You don't need wings to fly.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Happy Mara, 2 months old <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Their sky's full of stars <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Connected. For life. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Fall face.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, "Everyone must take time to sit and watch the leaves turn." -Elizabeth Lawrence

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The gallery goes out to this beautiful mom to be <3 Roll over the blog to see some images from their session (link is in the comments)

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Blessed.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Still green.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, My muse <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Mine two very own <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, No wonder Mark Twain said of New England "If you don't like the weather wait a minute, it'll change". High winds, rain mixed with snow.. and just two weeks ago, we were spoiled with warmth and sunshine like this! <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Little miss giggles <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Devine. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Perfectly perfect - little Benjamin, 3 weeks old <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Connected by the heart.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, I promise to love. Always. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Wrapped in the light. 

@Egle Ruth Photography,  Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Joy.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Together. 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Comfort.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Daddy's girl <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, She believed 
She could
So she did.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Stopped.. If only for a moment.

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Awaiting. For a miracle to come <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, All what I hear in my mind while editing this image, is the song "She's a beauty queen…" <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, That magic of woods.. <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Oh that comforting smell of fall! <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The bigger the company, the marrier the play! The gallery goes out to this gorgeous group of cousins and their grandparents <3 Check out some images from the session on the blog - link is in the comments 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Life is either daring adventure or nothing at all  /Helen Keller/

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Follow your bliss, and doors will open for you that you never knew existed

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, My new beautiful friend I made this morning - Delilah <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Every heart sings a song incomplete until another heart whispers back <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, "Each moment is all we need, not more" 
― Mother Teresa 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Oh Lucy! <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Emilia <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, It's just nice to chill out on the swing while mommy is busy with your baby sister <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, www.eruthphotography.com
www.eruthphotography.com, Snug <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Yay!!! Feeling honored! :), Little girls make the world sweeter <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, That little doll just steels my heart <3 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, null, What a productive week! Another gallery goes out to a gorgeous senior Emma - head on over to the blog to check out some images from her session (link is in the comments) 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Gallery goes out to this amazing family tonight! Check out some captures from their session - link is in the comments

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, The image of my sweet little girl made it to a cover of Inspire- Digital or Not Fine Art Photography Magazine! , Magic has to be believed <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us and the world will live as one.” 
― John Lennon

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Last glimpse of summer <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Thank you Inspire- Digital or Not Fine Art Photography Magazine!!! <3, Yippee! The image of my beach boy is featured among those talented artists! Thank you,  Child Photo Competition <3, Don't let the moments of happiness you're waiting for to pass you by <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Nothing is like a squishy big snuggle from your big sister <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Just throw him a ball, any ball - and it's his favorite  <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Well, hello Ms.Emilia! No matter how hard you made me work today, now I feel absolutely rewarded <3 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, So thrilled to see one of my images featured at Child Photo Competition. Check out all the amazing artists <3 , Dream big little girl <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, She doesn't know yet how beautiful she is <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Sweet Dolly <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Two peas in the pot <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Just walk beside me and be my friend <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, May Light always surround you <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, This moment is your life <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Last days of summer <3

© Egle Ruth Photography,  Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Gallery of senior photos goes out to Kaylen tonight! Check out more of the session favorites on the blog - link is in the comments, Sisters <3

@Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, My image made it to inspiring Monday over at Child Photo Competition second week in a row! Check out all the other amazing artists and their work in this link! Happy Monday everyone <3, What a joy <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, YAY - my image made it to Rock the Shot!!! <3

Egle Zumbakyte Ruth Eglė Žumbakienė, Nighttime princess <3
Congratulations to Emma, class of 2015

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts
www.eruthphotography.com, Just look up - magic is right there <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, www.eruthphotography.com, YAY - my photo and my girl is one of the finalists! :), And the wind asked her quietly: "May I know what your name is?" <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, www.eruthphotography.com, The joy <3, I am incredibly excited and honored to have one of my images featured with all these amazing artists! Thank you Child Photo Competition so much! <3, I'm very happy to be sponsoring this wonderful giveaway for  Southern Willow Photography, LLC's 5K Fan celebration!!! 

Check it out and enter here:
http://www.southernwillowphotography.com/#!5000-fan-giveaway-/c1p47
, Just another day being a girl.. <3

@Egle Ruth Photography, www.eruthphotography.com, Those two are the most adorable I ever seen <3 Thank you Laurie and Andre for a fun evening! 

@Egle Ruth Photography, www.eruthphotography.com, Nothing is really lost until your mommy can't find it :) 

@Egle Ruth Photography, www.eruthphotography.com, Play. Laugh. Love. Leap. And remember that you have nothing to prove. There’s nothing you have to do, and there’s no one you have to be other than exactly who you are, because who you are is full of light and absolutely beautiful /Lori Deschene/

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Children see magic, because they look for it..

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, The most beautiful things must be felt with the heart <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Stunning girl and beautiful sunset - photographer's dream for senior photo shoot. Gorgeous Kaylen - class of 2015 graduate <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, ©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Teenage beauty <3, Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen /Johann Wolfgang von Goethe/

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Miss Olivia's mini session images going to her parents today. Thank you for your patient!

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, There is so much I love about this image of my little girl.. We had one of those peaceful summer evening walks by the sea, the sun was going down, coloring surroundings with beautiful golden color. Children instantly decided to go into the water for a swim.. Harmony with evening calmness, softness of light and expression of pure innocence <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Fisherman's daughter 

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Just right there <3

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Before it slips away..

©Egle Ruth Photography, Hingham, Massachusetts, Wonders of the beach, Little independence, Forest princess, Joy, Adorable Olivia <3 Just rocking her 6 months mini session!, Summer nights.., Only me, Handsome Edison, 10 days old <3, It doesn't get better than this <3, Freedom - woohoo!!!, Beautiful Jill, Light touched, All my heart is right here <3 

 Egle Ruth Photography www.eruthphotography.com, Fire girl

www.eruthphotography.com, Secure

www.eruthphotography.com, Stillness, A Dreamer <3 8 years old.. In moments like this I wish I have some magic powers to peak in his little head.., That face! <3, School's out for summer!, By herself, Forest girl, My Aurora <3  - living Maleficent's emotion :), Squishy <3, Heart to heart <3, Hmm… <3, Parachutes, Pink flower <3, Her <3, Spring joy, null, Amigos

www.eruthphotography.com, Dinner awaits.. <3, Lifting up <3, Day dreaming.., Fragile, null, Friends <3, Get up with a sun and play!..  Isn't it all we want to do on Saturday morning? <3, The first spring outdoor photo shoot is on the blog! http://eruthphotography.com/2014/04/15/here-we-are-soon-to-become-six/, Hold on tight, Golden light, First garden flowers, The touch <3, Giggles and fun in the warm spring evening <3, Egle Zumbakyte Ruth, It's never too early to start practicing  <3, All she wanted to do is stay awake and party <3 Angela Walsh

http://eruthphotography.com/2014/03/20/hello-world/, Spring is the season of renewal, manifestation, celebration and falling in love, of course! Now is the time to take those bold steps and manifest your dreams. Here is something what I have been recently busy with - my newly created website - all fresh and vibrant. Rollover and check it out! www.eruthphotography.com, Wondering if this winter ever leaves.. No matter how much I love looking out of my window to the white snow, have to say, that warmth and sun would bright our days much better, Stunning mom with a beautiful baby Annabel, 3 weeks old <3, Sweet wordless Olivia's talk, 2 weeks old <3, Brothers <3, Too much fun to be asleep <3, Cranmore mnt., NH, Sweet baby Landon, 2 weeks old <3, Waiting.. For Mr. Spring to come., Project 365
Day 50 | Feb 20, 2014

Off to the pool!, null, Just two of us <3, Our house is filled with roses, chocolates and lots of dancing tonight. Happy day of love everyone <3, Project 365
Day 43, Feb 12, 2014

Toothless grin <3, Project 365
Day 41 | Feb 10, 2014

A choice to thrive <3, Project 365
Day 36 | Feb5, 2014

Mommy, this snow isn't cold! :), One step away from turning into a handsome teenager :), Hi World <3 I am resting.., Project 365
Day 27 | Jan 27, 2014

Daddy time <3

P.S. To people who know me in person and who please me once in a while by saying "She looks just like you!" it might be an eye opener - don't you think those two look alike like two rain drops?, Project 365
Day 24| Jan 24, 2014

Another milestone..  
You loving the feeling of falling water on your soft skin, staying still with your closed eyes and letting the water to wash off all the worries. 
And the bath toys will rest until next evening.., Project 365
Day 18 | Jan 18, 2014

Watching the storm. At Saturday's Lithuanian school., Project 365
Day 17 | Jan 17, 2014

George came home from school with you today for a kindergartner's project - to spend a weekend with him and write a diary about all fun things you get to do together. 
Of course -  swing ride goes first!, Project 365
Day 16 | Jan 16, 2014

Foggy day, foggy night. It seem like it haven't get bright enough all day long. 

My boy is getting so mature <3, Project 365
Day 15 | Jan 15, 2014

It was the time when you couldn't even think about putting your face in the water and would give me the hardest time in the world washing your hair.
And here you are today - a passionate swimmer, ambitious and determinated learner who really enjoys this kind of sport. 
Today you're proving to me how far you have come.. and how things can get changed when we really want them., Project 365
Day 14 | Jan 14, 2014

Love when you have some extra time to run outside before it's time to leave to school. First unexpected rain drops made you stop.. and snuggle tighter with your dolly to make sure she is protected. Your nurturing and caring nature tells me what a perfect mommy you'll be yourself one day <3, Project 365
Day 13 | Jan 13, 2014

Life is good on the way to school :), Project 365
Day 12 | Jan 12, 2014

Six years of curly strawberry blond hair <3, Elegant and stunning <3

As I am posting this, this soon to be mom might be snuggling with her new bundle of joy already - picture was taken just couple weeks before her due date, Project 365
Day 10 | Jan 10, 2014

The light, Project 365
Day 9 | Jan 9, 2014

You are gifted with ability to play music by ear
And you are not afraid to explore..
The shy melody of "London bridges falling down" breaks the silence
.. and warms up my heart <3, Project 365
Day 8 | Jan 8, 2014

Busted! Instead of reading, you're hiding on the staircase!
The betraying rays of light from your iPad :), Project 365
Day 7 | Jan 7, 2014

End of the day
Dinner is eaten, homework is done, teeth are brushed.. 
Every night before the bed time it's the time for delicious tickles and giggles. 
For the sweet reminder of childhood joy <3, Project 365 
Day 6 | Jan 6, 2014

You love music
You love movement
Dancing is magic for you and takes you anywhere you go
You are so well postured and graceful.. Even when you eat your dinner.., Project 365
Day 5| Jan 5, 2014

After putting my second thought in it, I decided to jump into the train for a project 365. I will take a picture a day to capture our daily moments. Rain or shine, hot or cold, healthy or ill, no days missed. Little things, I would have forgotten otherwise, will remain and will serve as a reminder of the importance of the everyday. And I am very happy to be able to share it with you <3

Here it is - day 5, my little girly all dressed up in a holiday boxwood wreath <3, Raw /Nantasket beach/, Another beautiful snow day, although sledding was alternated with swimming today.., Snow flower <3, First day of school and there is NO school, because Holiday snow, which has been late, finally is here! Playing with friends, sharing new toys, received for Christmas, making paintings for mommy.. so many things on the to do list!, Wishing you a year filled with sparkle, love, health and success! According to Chinese calendar it's the year of a Wooden Horse, which is a time of fast victories and unexpected adventure. Bring it on, 2014!, My 8 years old <3.. It seems like he does't want to or is too busy to be in front of the camera lately. I do what works the best in cases like this - simply just snap a picture of whatever he does.., My restless wonderer <3, It was all worth the wait!, Hope your Holidays are wonderful in every little way! <3, My two lovely bedheads <3, Snowy snowy afternoon.., A wonderful night visitor The Tooth Fairy is coming to visit our little girl tonight. Poor nugget got her two front teeth pulled out today. It was emotionally very painful to watch her going through this, but I can't describe how happy and proud she feels afterwards. She thinks her face looks like 7 year old's (she is 5) and she can't wait for the morning to show off her new teeth-less smile to her friends :), A raw, simple and beautiful. Moment captured <3, Last joys of the fall.. <3, What can be better than a new baby brother for Christmas? So much love, care and joy.. Delighted to be part of this <3, Catch me if you can! :), The sun delights to play in her hair.. <3, Everyone is getting ready to celebrate Thanksgiving. It is a much needed precursor to my favorite holiday, Christmas. It prepares hearts to be grateful and generous during the Christmas season, and slows down life for just a moment, allowing us to reflect on the many things to be grateful for in our lives. Cheers to family, friends, and endless gratitude. Happy Thanksgiving, dear friends! xo, Cold, cold, cold! Wrap that baby in the blanket, mommy!, So girly and soft.. little mademoiselle <3, Miss little sunshine <3, Joyful, Just chilling :), That smile makes me.. smile.. :) Infectious! :), Hello pretty.. <3, My nephew. Happy and handsome <3, Got to visit 1627 yesterday.., What an incredibly well behaved group of cousins! Five children under age of 5 - all focused and happy! Not to mention a trio of moms singing "Rudolph the red nose rain deer" right behind my back :)

Please LIKE Egle Ruth Photography to see more, Waiting. For the order. At Starbucks.., Unfortunately foliage season is coming to a close. Did you notice - trees got almost naked in the last few days?..

Photographing seven years old boys can be quite a challenge. They are active, they are fast. Making them engaged in something or just simple capture what they do - that is one of my lessons learned! :), We see things as we are..  - my girl Veronica, Such a busy weekend ahead - can't complain before a long winter break!
Handsome brothers from this morning's photoshoot - don't they look adorable? Wonderful job mommy styling them up! :), Working on the gallery of this little nugget. Such a charmer!  <3, It's still not too late to book a fall family photoshoot and get some of those precious moments captured. Get them framed, use as a Holliday gift or design your own Holliday cards - possibilities are endless.. Email me at info@eruthphotography.com if interested, Happy happy Halloween!!!, An incredible color display in all shades of red, yellow, purple, green and brown.. Hoping first frost will hold on for a quite some time that we could enjoy these spectacular shows of the fall, It has been a long day.. My little girl is tired, same as mommy.. Although two galleries finished up and delivered - super productive day for editing!, Fall is starting to show off it's cooler side these days. But.. who needs a jacket when you wear a costume?! Silly request, mommy!!! Sad and cold - it's amazing how easily any emotion or feeling is reflected on child's face, don't you think?, TRUST, Brothers :), Hi, My name is Max! I am seven weeks old.. Ok, actually eight weeks today.. But either way - I am NOT going to sleep for the pictures and I am NOT going to fit in any of your baskets. Ok.. maybe this one, but you make me curl my feet up! :), Getting the fall in while waiting for big brother's school bus to come, Cozy.., Had such a wonderful walk my friend Elsebeth and her amazing family yesterday. Beautiful moments to cherish for years to come, Unconditional love | street photography, I know this boy since he was in his diapers.. And look at him now - full of energy, handsome and funny. Silly Matteo <3, Photo of a day, Late night at the playground.. Air is getting chillier and darkness is coming in so fast these days. A quick serious freeze before taking off to the last play on the swing!, Please LIKE Egle Ruth Photography to stay tuned for more!, Had such a fun evening shoot with Angela (beautiful mom of three!) and her wonderful family. Lets sing out the life! :)
More is on the way - please LIKE Egle Ruth Photography to stay tuned!, Sometimes you come across a moment that truly touches your heart. You stand perfectly still, hardly breathing, watching and savoring every moment. It happened to me watching her face when she came to the horse first time.  Kaspar was nuzzling up against her and I was amazed watching how warm Kaspar was to someone that has never touched a horse before. That little connection happened for a moment, but it was enough for Veronica to realize  that she wants to come back to see Kaspar more than anything in this world, People say only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty, but who cares when you are five? :), Wonderful day with the best friends and family. Little Katrina

To see more please LIKE Egle Ruth Photography, null, Photo of a day

To see more LIKE Egle Ruth Photography, Another one of Lucy.. Nice little stretch..  <3, Please meet Lucy. Just a little perfection -  the way she looks, the way she acts, the way she smells, the way she looks at you.. <3

Don't forget to LIKE Egle Ruth Photography to see more!, There is something magical watching little girl holding balloons. The feeling of lightweightness make her run forgetting the ground.. her little fingers are squeezed into a dead grip just don't let go of the string.
Thanks to a nice gentlemen who gave Veronica this colorful bunch of balloons our before bed time walk turned into unexpected blast of energy and fun races.. Great way to say goodnight to a beautiful Sunday before new week of school., In the sea of black eye susanes.. At the valley of mountain Washington, NH., Last days for the boats and their stories.. peaceful night of early fall at Nantasket beach, Hull, Who said princesses are afraid of lizards? :), Photo of the week

To see more please "Like" Egle Ruth Photography, Please "Like" Egle Ruth Photography to see more!, Young and fearless, Here we are - back from our little escape to North Conway. It was great to spend some time just four of us, get disconnected from our busy every day lives and surroundings. It's hard to believe summer is going to the end and kids are counting days for going back to school..
Self family portrait (which wasn't that easy to take considering our children!) - just what we need to freeze a little moment of this beautiful time!, Peeking of the boat railing... /A fun day trip on a boat to Boston/, Dancing to her own soul's music, jumping and twirling just to get from one place to another. Simply carefree.., Too happy to open her eyes.. 
The flower head band from the sun flowers picked in our garden. Hand made and pinned by her mommy with endless love <3, My older one and me - just two of us had a nice little walk before the bed time. Look a at that face - I am cool, but shy a bit.. Hiding baseball glove behind his back - I am rather baseball player than mommy's boy.. Where does the time go?.., Everything is more fun with a friend - my two favorite beach girls! <3, When did the last time you have a dirt fight on the beach?, Sun bleached hair, knotted from the ocean winds.. 
Freckled little noses 
Salty skin 
Bare feet
Best friends  #lovingsummer, It's pretty fun up high on those monkey bars!, While we're young and beautiful
Living free and easy
Here without a worry
Dancing in our bare feet
/Lyrics from Carrie Underwood song/, Happy Monday everyone! It's a beautiful day ahead of us - love your life and life will love you back <3, Had a wonderful time tonight with a beautiful senior #Haley rocks!, Beautiful sunset - Nantasket beach., If you see the sun in my eyes
It should be other no surprise
It's the of love inside of me  /STEVIE B/, Here's few more of a dreamy angel, It was my first time documenting His and Her LOVE. Dance of love. Quite, soulful, deep, pure and comforting with it's tenderness.. opening the journey of their life together., I see friends shaking hands.....sayin.. how do you do 
They're really sayin......i love you /Louis Armstrong "What A Wonderful World"/, Boys talk.. Let's keep it quite until Mommy's day <3, It takes a lot of hard work to become a professional fitness model and to achieve body like this. A lot of determination, discipline and patients. Hard workouts and diligent dieting. Body becomes like a piece of art – perfectly shaped, lean and strong.  I had the greatest time capturing the moments of a training session of this athlete, who is getting ready for New England super fitness competition. Good luck for Andrius this Sunday!, Our beautiful magnolia is playing in the sunset.., Her and Him (5Y and 7Y) - my favorite 20 toes
It feels like yesterday those toes were incredibly tiny, wrinkly and irresistible not to kiss.  Remember those days, when at the shoe store we were looking for extra wide sizes, because that tiny foot has became adorably chubby preparing to hold up a growing body? And now they are lean and elegant, ready for dancing and sports, a lot of running and playing.. Never stop moving unless the little body falls to rest., Here is Camille - soon to be a big sister.  She was the sweetest thing, helping me to capture her mommy’s “big belly”!, The season of spring weather seems to sing 
lovely lovely days are coming our ways, Tiny hands 
That play and touch and feel 
Curious to know what it's all about 
Wanting to know what's real, null, Miss Eva!, I am very excited to announce my third “baby” - www.eruthphotography.com. Finally I took a pledge this year and started my own photography business. I am energized more than ever to go after my passionate for photography and my creative dreams. Stay tuned for upcoming posts and please feel free to leave your comments and feedback. Thank you so much for all your love and support!)